Add resource health to `azurerm_monitor_activity_log_alert` (#14917)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/monitor_activity_log_alert.html.markdown

* `recommendation_type` - (Optional) The recommendation type of the event. It is only allowed when `category` is `Recommendation`.
* `recommendation_category` - (Optional) The recommendation category of the event. Possible values are `Cost`, `Reliability`, `OperationalExcellence` and `Performance`. It is only allowed when `category` is `Recommendation`.
* `recommendation_impact` - (Optional) The recommendation impact of the event. Possible values are `High`, `Medium` and `Low`. It is only allowed when `category` is `Recommendation`.
* `resource_health` - (Optional) A block to define fine grain resource health settings.
* `service_health` - (Optional) A block to define fine grain service health settings.

---

A `resource_health` block supports the following:

> * `current` (Optional) Current resource health status this alert will monitor. Possible values are `Available`, `Degraded`, `Unavailable` and `Unknown`.
> * `previous` (Optional) Previous resource health status this alert will monitor. Possible values are `Available`, `Degraded`, `Unavailable` and `Unknown`.

Reviewer: small phrasing suggestion
```suggestion
* `current` (Optional) The current resource health statuses that will log an alert. Possible values are `Available`, `Degraded`, `Unavailable` and `Unknown`.
* `previous` (Optional) The previous resource health statuses that will log an alert. Possible values are `Available`, `Degraded`, `Unavailable` and `Unknown`.
```

> * `reason` (Optional) Reason this alert will monitor. Possible values are `PlatformInitiated`, `UserInitiated` and `Unknown`.

Reviewer: could we phrase this a big better to accurately describe what a reason is and what its monitoring?
